doc: bluetooth: Updates (#15250)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/guides/bluetooth/bluetooth-arch.rst

L2CAP
=====

L2CAP stands for the Logical Link Control and Adaptation Protocol. It is

> mostly not directly accessed by applications except in

Reviewer: This reads better as a positive sentence:
```
Generally, L2CAP is only used by applications in Connection-oriented Channels (CoC) mode.
```

Author: That's different though since L2CAP is always there when you do connection-based stuff. What I want to say is that the L2CAP APIs are only directly accessed when doing Connection-oriented Channels.

Connection-oriented Channels (CoC) mode. More information on this can be
found in the :ref:`L2CAP API section <bt_l2cap>`.

GATT
====

The Generic Attribute Profile is the most common means of communication
over LE connections. A more detailed description of this layer and the

> API reference can be found :ref:`here <bt_gatt>`.

Reviewer: We try to avoid using "here" as the link:
```suggestion
API reference can be found in the :ref:`<bt_gatt>` documentation.
```

Author: I don't think that makes it better since the text where this reference is located is is also "the documentation". I'll try to think of something else.

Reviewer: When you use the notation ``:ref:`bt_gatt` `` the link text that shows in the document is the title of that section, while ``:ref:`here <bt_gatt>` `` shows the word "here" as the link text.  (My bad for leaving the angle brackets in the suggestion.)  In any case, your new change is just fine.
